LAST TIME ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
PERFECT. SOON MY ARMY
WILL BE FULLY ASSEMBLED
AND MY PLAN CAN
MOVE FORWARD...
JADEN, LITTLE
DO YOU KNOW...
YOU'RE GOING TO HELP!
WE COULD EAT
ALL WE WANTED...
IF WE COULD JUST GET
TO THE FOOD STORAGE
FACILITY!
Slate: THIS WAY! QUICK,
BEFORE THEY TURN AROUND!
THE FOOD'S
ON THE OTHER SIDE 'A THAT!
HEY LOOK!
SOMEONE'S THERE!
Riker: THAT'S MARCEL!
AAH! LET GO!
WHAT DO YA WANT?!
ALL I WANT
FROM YOU...
IS JUST ONE...
SIMPLE FAVOR.
JUST WALK TO THE LIGHT
AND BECOME MY TOOLS
OF DESTRUCTION...
Marcel on P.A:
ATTENTION STUDENTS...
I KNOW YOU'RE HUNGRY,
SO I WILL GRANT YOU
SAFE PASSAGE TO AND FROM
THE FOOD STORAGE FACILITY,
ALL YOU NEED DO...
IS ALLOW ME TO HAVE ACCESS
TO THE POWER GENERATOR COMPLEX.
IS THAT...
MARCEL?!
WHY SHOULD WE PLAY
BY YOUR RULES?
Marcel: THEN LET'S PLAY
BY A DIFFERENT SET OF RULES.
MEANING WHAT?
MEANING, WE DUEL!
OH, MAN, IT'S POMPADOUR...
AND HIS TWO BUDDIES!
Marcel: THEY HAVE BECOME
THE ULTIMATE DUELISTS...
Jaden: COME ON, GUYS!
DUEL LIKE OUR LIVES
DEPEND ON IT!
'CAUSE IF WE DON'T
WIN THAT FOOD,
THEY JUST MIGHT!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Jaden, thinking:
THIS DUEL IS LIKE
A THREE RINGED CIRCUS.
JESSE'S DUELING A GUY WHO
WON'T SAY OR DO ANYTHING,
JIM'S OPPONENT HAS
AN ANGER MANAGEMENT ISSUE,
AND AXEL'S STUCK
WITH A COMIC
WHO'S FLATTER
THAN A PANCAKE...
NOW IF THEY DON'T
DEFEAT THESE GUYS,
MARCEL'S NOT GONNA LET US GET
TO THE FOOD STORAGE FACILITY,
AND IF THAT HAPPENS,
WE'LL BE GOING
FROM HUNGRY TO STARVING!
[THINKING]
I WONDER IF THIS GUY'S
EVER GONNA ATTACK?
AGAIN?
TURN AFTER TURN,
AND STILL NOTHING!
IT'S TIME I BREAK
MY SILENCE.
WITH MY LAST DRAW,
I NOW HAVE SEVEN CARDS
IN MY HAND,
SO I AM FORCED
TO DISCARD ONE
TO MY GRAVE.
MY DRAW!
HERE GOES.
HERE GOES MY
SILENT PAIN CARD FIRST!
YOU SEE WHEN THIS
IS THE ONLY CARD
IN MY GRAVEYARD,
DURING EACH
OF YOUR STANDBY PHASES,
ALL YOUR MONSTERS
ARE DESTROYED,
AND YOU TAKE 1000 POINTS
OF DAMAGE.
[TRUMPETS]
OH, NO.
SO THAT'S WHAT
YOU WERE PLANNIN'!
HAVEN'T YOU EVER HEARD
THAT SLOW AND STEADY
WINS THE RACE?
WHICH MEANS YOU'LL HAVE
A SLOW AND PAINFUL
DUELING DEMISE...
THE ONLY DUELING
DE-MISE 'ROUND HERE
IS GONNA BE YOURS,
'SPECIALLY ONCE ME
AND MY BEASTS
DE-VOUR ALL
YOUR LIFE POINTS!
I SUMMON CRYSTAL
BEAST TOPAZ TIGER!
IN ATTACK MODE!
[ROARS]
ALRIGHT!
LET ME AT HIM, JESSE!
YOU BET.
UNFURL THEM CLAWS!
NOT BEFORE I ACTIVATE
THE SILENT SPACE SPELL CARD.
WITH SILENT PAIN
IN MY GRAVEYARD,
I CAN REMOVE THIS CARD
FROM PLAY
TO DESTROY ONE
OF YOUR MONSTERS.
OHH!
TOPAZ....
ONCE AGAIN I DRAW
AND END MY TURN.
[THINKING]
THIS GUY'S
SILENT CARDS
KEEP DEAFENING
MY ATTACKS!
NOW HEAR THIS!
I DRAW.
NOT SO FAST,
DUE TO THE EFFECT
OF SILENT PAIN,
YOU TAKE 1000 POINTS
OF DAMAGE ONCE AGAIN.
AND THAT'S NOT ALL...
NOW I ACTIVATE
THE SILENT TORMENT
SPELL CARD
FROM MY HAND.
ANOTHER
SILENT CARD?!
WHEN SILENT PAIN
ACTIVATES,
I CAN REMOVE
SILENT TORMENT FROM PLAY
AND INFLICT YOU
WITH AN ADDITIONAL
THOUSAND POINTS
OF DAMAGE.
SO YOU LOSE
2000 LIFE POINTS.
ISN'T SILENCE GOLDEN?
AAH!
YOU KNOW,
I LIKED YOU BETTER
WHEN YOU
WEREN'T TALKIN'!
HE'S LOSIN'...
COME ON!
THERE'S FOOD ON THE LINE.
AT LEAST JIM
KNOWS HOW TO DUEL!
RIGHT, MATE.
I SUMMON WEATHERING
SOLDIER IN ATTACK MODE!
AND THE FORECAST
LOOKS GRIM!
NOW BLOW THAT
ANCHOR KNIGHT AWAY
WITH WIND
SLASH ATTACK!
WHY YOU!!
NOW YOU'VE REALLY
MADE ME ANGRY!
WHAT'S THIS?
DID YOU REALLY THINK
YOUR LITTLE BREEZE
COULD BLOW AWAY
MY ANCHOR KNIGHT?
YOU SEE BY DISCARDING
ONE CARD IN MY HAND
I CAN RESURRECT MY KNIGHT
IN DEFENSE MODE.
NOT GOOD!
I GOTTA FIGURE OUT
A WAY TO STOP HIM
BEFORE MY SOLDIER
LOSES ANOTHER 600
ATTACK POINTS!
TOO BAD. I GO!
FIRST I SWITCH
ANCHOR KNIGHT TO ATTACK MODE!
THEN I REVEAL
MY TRAP CARD...
VIOLENT SALVAGE.
WITH ANCHOR KNIGHT
STILL ON THE FIELD,
THIS TRAP LETS ME TAKE
THE TOP THREE CARDS
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AND THEN ADD THEM
TO MY HAND.
THING IS... I'M NOT
ALLOWED TO USE THEM.
HOLD UP.
YOU DISCARD
'EM AGAIN!?
THEN THAT MEANS...
THERE'S A SPECIAL DELIVERY
COMIN' YOUR WAY
BECAUSE BY SENDING
THREE CARDS
TO MY GRAVEYARD,
ANCHOR KNIGHT CAN DELIVER
1800 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
AAH! UNH!
AND NEXT MY KNIGHT
DROPS ANCHOR
ON WEATHERING SOLDIER
DIRECTLY!
GO, BUSTER ANCHOR!
[GROWLS]
HE'S ABOUT TO LOSE!
AND IF HE LOSES...
WE ALL LOSE!
THEY HAVE TO WIN SO
WE CAN ACCESS THE FOOD.
OTHERWISE WE'RE ALL
GOING TO STARVE...
DEAR ME, HOW WILL
I EVER MAKE IT?!
[THINKING]
I MUST FIND MARCEL.
WHY WOULD HE BE DOING
THIS TO ALL OF US?
MUST DUEL...
DUEL...
[GROANING]
Marcel, thinking:
WITH ALL OF THEM
DISTRACTED,
I CAN NOW FOCUS
ON MY TRUE OBJECTIVE.
[THINKING]
DON'T WORRY MARCEL...
I'LL SAVE YOU.
[PURRS]
[MEOW]
PHARAOH? HUH?
HEY, WHERE ARE
YOU GOING?!
NOWHERE, I UM, HAVE
TO USE THE LOO.
I'LL BE FINE!
COME ON, YOU GUYS!
ALL OF US ARE
COUNTING ON YOU!
WIN THIS!
JADEN!
WHAT'S UP, BLAIR?
IT'S
THE VICE CHANCELLOR!
HE JUST TOOK OFF
AND STARTED RUNNING.
WELL THAT'S A FIRST.
NO, HE STARTED RUNNING
INTO THE SCHOOL.
HUH?
INTO THE SCHOOL?!
YEAH, AND I'M
GOING AFTER HIM!
WAIT UP, BLAIR!
I'M COMING WITH YA!
JADEN!
HURRY IT UP, AXEL!
WE'RE STARVING!
[THINKING]
SOMETHING'S NOT
RIGHT ABOUT THIS.
WHY'D MARCEL LURE US
OUT HERE
WHEN HE COULD HAVE
JUST DUELED US
INSIDE... UNLESS!
HE WANTED US
ALL DISTRACTED
FOR SOME REASON
I BETTER MAKE
THIS QUICK
SO I CAN
FIND OUT WHY!
I SLAP ONE
CARD FACEDOWN...
AND SUMMON
FIRE TROOPER!
HA HA HA!
YOUR MONSTER JUST
GOT EXTINGUISHED!
PRETTY FUNNY...
HOW'S THIS
FOR FUNNY?
WHEN FIRE TROOPER
IS SUMMONED,
IT GETS SENT
TO MY GRAVEYARD,
BUT NOT BEFORE
DEALING A THOUSAND
POINTS OF DAMAGE.
AW, SHUCKS!
MY POINTS WENT DOWN.
STILL A LOT
OF YUKS THOUGH.
'SPECIALLY 'CAUSE BY
TAKING ROUGH FIGHT
OUTTA MY GRAVEYARD
AND REMOVING IT FROM PLAY,
YOU TAKE THE SAME
DAMAGE I JUST TOOK.
HA HA HA!
LET'S SEE YA LAUGH
AT THIS MOVE!
I PLAY THE SPELL
FIRE RECOVERY.
AND SEND ONE
FIRE MONSTER
FROM MY HAND
TO THE GRAVE...
'N THEN...
I CAN SUMMON
A DIFFERENT
FIRE MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
THE CARD I GOT RID
OF WAS VOLCANIC
SCATTERSHOT.
NOW THIS IS WHEN
IT GETS FUNNY,
'CAUSE WHEN IT'S
REMOVED SO ARE
FIVE HUNDRED
A' YOUR LIFE POINTS.
HA HA HA!
AND NOW FROM MY
GRAVEYARD,
I SUMMON FIRE
TROOPER.
WHICH MEANS THAT
YOU'RE GONNA LOSE
A THOUSAND MORE
LIFE POINTS.
HA HA HA!
AND NEXT...
THIS JUST ISN'T
FUNNY ANYMORE!
THAT'S TOO BAD CAUSE I'M
JUST GETTING WARMED UP!
BECAUSE I PLAY MY
SPELL FIRE RECOVERY
WHICH ALLOWS
ME TO SEND
SCATTERSHOT
TO THE GRAVE.
HA HA HO HO!
[THINKING]
THIS GUY'S MATERIAL
IS PRETTY GOOD.
IF HE KEEPS THIS UP,
ALL MY LIFE POINTS
ARE GONNA CRASH AND BURN!
HA HA HA!
GIMME A SEC
TO CATCH MY BREATH!
I CAN'T STOP LAUGHING...
OH THE TEARS OF A CLOWN!
THOSE'LL BE REAL
TEARS SOON ENOUGH...
'CAUSE I GOT ONE LAST
SURPRISE FOR YOU...
NOW I'LL SUMMON
SCATTERSHOT.
IT'S YOUR MOVE,
JOKER!
I SEEN BETTER SURPRISES
IN A JACK-IN-THE-BOX!
[THINKING]
LITTLE DOES HE
KNOW THAT I GOT
A SURPRISE FOR HIM.
IF I USE MY TRAP CARD
TO RETURN ROUGH EXPLODER
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
HE'LL GET CAUGHT
IN THE FALLOUT...
AND I'LL BE LAUGHING
ALL THE WAY TO VICTORY.
MY MOVE!
I DRAW.
WHY YA LEAVIN'?
BECAUSE I WON.
THIS IS THE REAL
SURPRISE.
WHEN THIS TRAP
IS PLAYED YOU LOSE
A THOUSAND OF
YOUR LIFE POINTS
ONCE YOU DRAW
A CARD.
I GUESS I BOMBED!
OW!
YEAH!
IT'S SUPPERTIME!
WHERE AM I?
LISTEN UP.
I THINK THIS
DUEL'S A DECOY.
DECOY?!
YEAH, YOU GOTTA
DITCH THESE DUELS
SO WE CAN GO FIND OUT
WHAT MARCEL'S REALLY UP TO.
SILENCE.
THIS DUEL WILL CONTINUE,
OR I'LL SET
THIS DISK BLASTER
TO MORE THAN
JUST STUN.
HEY!
RIGHT, THEN.
GUESS I OUGHTA
HOP TO IT,
N' TAKE
THIS GUY OUT.
HEY, BRODIE, ARE
YOU SURE ABOUT ALL THIS?
WHAT IF MARCEL
REALLY IS PLANNING ON
GIVING US THE FOOD?
YEAH WHAT
IF YOU'RE WRONG?
THEN WE'LL NEVER
EAT AGAIN!
KEEP DUELIN'!
I AIN'T EATIN'
DOROTHY'S FOOD!
BLUE BERETS,
FRONT AND CENTER!
WE'RE GOIN' ON A MISSION!
WE GOTTA GET ANSWERS!
YES SIR!
[THINKING]
TIME FOR ACTION!
I MUST FIND MARCEL
AND TALK SOME SENSE
INTO HIM.
[MEOW]
VICE CHANCELLOR!
WAIT UP, BLAIR!
IT'S NOT SAFE!
THE DUEL GHOULS.
REMEMBER?!
Marcel, thinking:
NOW THAT ALL THE STUDENTS
ARE OUTSIDE WATCHING
THIS DUEL, I DON'T HAVE
TO WORRY ABOUT ANYONE
INTERFERING WITH MY PLANS.
AT THIS RATE,
WE'RE NEVER GONNA EAT.
I'D EAT VEGETABLES
GLADLY.
HMM.
[THINKING]
IF THIS DUEL'S
REALLY A DIVERSION
N' THEM BLOKES
AREN'T GONNA
GIVE US FOOD,
WE'RE GONNA HAVE
MORE THAN JUST
A BUNCH
OF HUNGRY STUDENTS
ON OUR HANDS,
WE'LL HAVE
AN ALL OUT RIOT!
IT'S MY GO!
I DRAW!
RIGHT NOW, MATE,
I ACTIVATE
THE SPECIMEN
INSPECTION SPELL.
BY SENDING
ONE MONSTER CARD
TO MY GRAVEYARD,
I CAN CALL OUT
A TYPE AND LEVEL
OF A MONSTER.
THEN YOU GOTTA
TAKE A CARD
THAT MATCHES
AND SEND IT STRAIGHT
TO YOUR GRAVEYARD.
MATCH A LEVEL
WARRIOR-TYPE
MONSTER!
ONLY ANCHOR KNIGHT
FITS THE BILL...
UNBELIEVABLE!
PERFECT!
NOW WITH THAT OUT
OF THE WAY,
I ACTIVATE
FOSSIL FUSION!
NEXT I REMOVE
WEATHERING KNIGHT
AND ANCHOR KNIGHT
FROM OUR GRAVEYARDS
TO FUSION SUMMON
FOSSIL WARRIOR
SKULL BONE!
AAH!
NEXT UP, FROM
MY HAND, I ACTIVATE
TIME STREAM!
BY PAYING HALF
MY LIFE POINTS
I'M CAN CHANGE
A MONSTER FROM
THE CENOZOIC ERA
TO THE MESOZOIC ERA.
SO I'LL DEVOLVE
MY FOSSIL WARRIOR!
DEVOLVE?
INTO WHAT?!
INTO
SOMETHING STRONGER
LIKE FOSSIL WARRIOR
SKULL KNIGHT!
THEN I FURTHER
DEVOLVE IT!
AND YOUR LIFE POINTS!
YOU'RE ALMOST OUT!
IT'S WORTH EVERY
POINT TO BRING OUT
MY FOSSIL WARRIOR
SKULL KING!
YEAH!!
SKULL KING!!
SMACK THIS GUY DOWN!
END THIS!!
SKULL KING, GO!
ATTACK...
WITH KING SWORDPLAY!
MY KNIGHT'S NOT
GOING ANYWHERE...
BY SENDING ONE SPELL CARD
TO MY GRAVE,
MY ANCHOR KNIGHT RETURNS
IN DEFENSE MODE!
I WAS HOPING
YOU'D DO THAT!
HOW COME?
SO I COULD SEE
SKULL KING
STRUT HIS STUFF!
HIS SPECIAL
ABILITY ALLOWS HIM
TO ATTACK AGAIN
WHEN A MONSTER'S
ON YOUR FIELD.
IF IT'S
IN DEFENSE MODE,
THE EXTRA POINTS
ARE DEALT STRAIGHT
TO YOU.
HUH?
GO, SECOND
KING SWORDPLAY!
ALRIGHT!
TWO DOWN.
ONE LEFT.
NOW IT'S ALL UP
TO JESSE!
STILL YOUR MOVE.
[THINKING]
IF I CAN'T TURN THINGS
AROUND THIS TURN,
I'M A GONER.
MAYBE A CHANGE
OF SCENERY
MIGHT HELP!
I'M ACTIVATIN'
THE FIELD SPELL CARD
ANCIENT CITY
RAINBOW RUINS!
NEXT, I SUMMON
CRYSTAL BEAST
SAPPHIRE PEGASUS!
I'M AT YOUR COMMAND!
WHEN I SUCCESSFULLY
SUMMON SAPPHIRE
PEGASUS
I CAN TAKE ONE
CRYSTAL BEAST
FROM EITHER
MY GRAVEYARD, DECK,
OR HAND
AND THEN PLACE IT
IN MY TRAP
AND SPELL CARD ZONE.
I'M SETTLIN' ON
MY RUBY CARBUNCLE!
NOT SO FAST.
I ACTIVATE SILENT SPACE!
AND DESTROY
SAPPHIRE PEGASUS.
THANK YOU!
BECAUSE, WHEN
MY PEGASUS
IS DESTROYED,
RUBY CAN COME OUT
TO THE PLAYIN' FIELD!
[PURRS]
NOW WITH RUBY
READY FOR ACTION,
I CAN SUMMON AS MANY
CRYSTAL BEASTS
FROM MY SPELL
AND TRAP CARD ZONE
AS POSSIBLE!
THEN I PLAY
SILENT SPACE AGAIN!
ACTUALLY, NO,
YA' DON'T, HOSS.
HUH?
'CAUSE I ACTIVATE
RAINBOW RUIN'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
SEE IF THERE'S
THREE OR MORE
CRYSTAL BEASTS
IN MY SPELL
AND TRAP CARD ZONE,
I CAN TAKE ONE
BEAST 'N SEND IT
OFF TO THE GRAVEYARD
IN ORDER TO NEGATE
ALL YOUR SPELLS
'N TRAPS!
UH-OH.
I SUMMON
SAPPHIRE PEGASUS!
'N AMBER MAMMOTH!
WELL PLAYED, JESSE.
YAAAAAAAAAH!!
YOU READY?
LET'S SILENCE
THIS GUY...
ONCE AND FOR ALL!
ARGGHHHHH!
[NEIGHS]
WHEW.
GOOD JOB, JESS.
THEY BETTER PAY UP.
FORK IT OVER.
COME ON!
HUH?
TROUBLE.
[THINKING]
THOSE FOOLS MUST STILL THINK
THEY'RE DUELING FOR FOOD.
[THINKING]
THIS IS WHAT MARCEL
SAID HE WAS AFTER...
HA HA HA!
I NEVER THOUGHT THEY
WOULD ALL BE SO NAIVE.
Bonaparte: MARCEL!
THERE YOU ARE!
MARCEL. MARCEL,
WHAT'S HAPPENING
TO YOU?
PLEASE TELL ME.
Boy of Light:
HA HA HA!
INTERESTING.
SO THIS IS WHERE
YOUR LONELINESS
STEMS FROM?
Blair:
VICE CHANCELLOR!
Jaden: MARCEL!
I WANT SOME ANSWERS!
AND I WANT 'EM NOW!
WHY DID YOU
BRING US HERE
AND WHAT DID YOU DO
TO ALL OUR FRIENDS?
TELL ME!
Boy of Light:
JADEN, IT'S YOU,
THE ONE I'VE
BEEN WAITING FOR!
FINALLY.
[SCREECHES]
START TALKING!
YOU KNOW A LOT
OF PEOPLE HAVE BEEN HURT,
AND IT'S ALL YOUR FAULT!
WAIT A SEC.
I THOUGHT YOU WANTED
THE POWER FACILITY!
Axel: ANY SIGN OF MARCEL?
NEGATIVE!
WHAT ARE YOU
AFTER HERE?!
FESS UP, OR ELSE THIS
IS REALLY GONNA GET UGLY.
IT WILL NOT!
I WON'T LET YOU THREATEN
MY SON LIKE THAT.
HUH?
YOUR SON?!
BUT WHY...
KEEP IT A SECRET?
FAVORITISM. I HAD TO BE
SURE TO TREAT HIM
LIKE ANY OTHER STUDENT.
WAIT. ARE YOU SURE
YOU'RE NOT MAKING
THIS ALL UP?
I AM NOT! IT IS TRUE.
MARCEL IS MY SON!
ALIENATING HIM
WAS THE HARDEST THING
I EVER HAD TO DO.
HUH?! SACÉ BLEU!
MARCEL!
THAT ARM!
[SCREECHES]
I'M SO GLAD
YOU'RE HERE, JADEN.
AFTER ALL, THIS HAS
ALL BEEN FOR YOU.
ALL FOR ME?
JADEN, DUEL GHOULS!
MUST DUEL.
DUEL.
[GROANING]
Jaden:
OK, I'M LOST.
YOU'RE
BONAPARTE'S SON,
YOU BROUGHT US
TO THIS WEIRD WORLD.
I MEAN, WHAT'S NEXT?
WHAT'S NEXT?
LET ME SHOW YOU.
THAT DOESN'T SOUND GOOD.
AAH!
PREPARE YOURSELF!
YOU OKAY,
BONAPARTE?
MY BOY...
HA HA HA!
MARCEL!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
HA HA HA!
WHERE'D THAT COME FROM?
Blair:
THERE'S ANOTHER ONE!
WHAT'S THAT?!
HMM?
WHAT ARE THESE?
I'VE SEEN 'EM
BEFORE.
AAH!
[MEOW]
HELLO, JADEN.
OH!
PROFESSOR BANNER!
WHO'S THAT?
IT... IT'S A GHOST!
HOW RUDE OF YOU!
YOU SEE,
WE PREFER "SPIRIT."
DO YOU KNOW
WHERE YOU ARE?
IT WAS HERE THAT
THE THREE SACRED
BEAST CARDS
WERE SEALED AWAY.
LOOKED FAMILIAR!
HA HA HA!
THAT CAT SHOULD KNOW
WHEN TO KEEP ITS MOUTH SHUT!
BUT HE WILL LEARN.
RIGHT NOW!
OHH!
WHOA!
SO IS IT TRUE?
IS THIS WHERE
THE SACRED BEASTS ARE?
HA HA HA!
[BEASTS GROWLING]
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW ♪
♪ IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪